README.md, before:

# NashDL Book Club

Notes/Discussions for NashDL Book Club

# Next Book

2014 01-30 && 02-13 
[The Drunkard's Walk](http://www.amazon.com/The-Drunkards-Walk-Randomness-Rules/dp/0307275175)

# Books Completed

2014 01-09 && 01-16 [DDD Quickly](http://www.infoq.com/minibooks/domain-driven-design-quickly)

# Meetup

Thursdays Noon-1pm CST.

---

Join us at #nashdl on freenode for live chat anytime.

---

Weekly discussion will be primarily over Google Hangout. See below for details.

---

To try to stay on track, please post questions/topics for discussion as an open issue on https://github.com/nashdl/bookclub/issues

Go ahead and fork the repo to add notes/code/etc. Anything you think would help out the discussion.

---

There will be a Google Hangout available for the locations listed below to join. If you have a group joining from another location (with at least 2 attendees), let me know and I'll reserve a spot for you in the Hangout. I'm going to try to limit single attendees from joining the hangout since there is an upper limit of 10.
Several locations have volunteered meatspaces for attendees to congregate. These include:

- **CentreSource** (In the new building, entered from 5th Ave. Feel free to show up.)

  [1312 5th Ave N, Nashville, TN 37208](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=1312+5th+Ave+N%2C+Nashville%2C+TN&data=!4m15!2m14!1m13!1s0x886467026363a9f5%3A0x2e040439d0293b71!3m8!1m3!1d3061!2d-86.7885079!3d36.177803!3m2!1i1438!2i730!4f13.1!4m2!3d36.1775779!4d-86.789086)
  
- **Center615** (RSVP @R_Macy on twitter)

  [615 Main St, Nashville, TN 37206](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m4!1m3!1d2847!2d-86.761904!3d36.174508!4m13!3m12!1m0!1m1!1s615+Main+St%2C+Nashville%2C+TN+37206!3m8!1m3!1d3312388!2d-85.978599!3d35.830521!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1&fid=0)
  
- **Stratasan** (RSVP will@stratasan.com)

  [1009 3rd Ave N #100, Nashville, TN 37201](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m4!1m3!1d45559!2d-86.784616!3d36.174221!4m13!3m12!1m0!1m1!1s1009+3rd+Ave+N+%23100%2C+Nashville%2C+TN+37201!3m8!1m3!1d3312388!2d-85.978599!3d35.830521!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1&fid=0)

- **Lonely Planet**

  [230 Franklin Rd, Franklin, TN 37064](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m4!1m3!1d2856!2d-86.8607211!3d35.9323679!4m18!3m15!1m0!1m4!3m2!3d35.9334195!4d-86.860884!6e2!3m8!1m3!1d2856!2d-86.8591332!3d35.9321073!3m2!1i1246!2i679!4f13.1!7m1!3b1&fid=0)
  
We're looking for additional locations in other parts of town. Let me know if you have a space you'd be willing to volunteer. I'd like to try to find locations in Brentwood and West Nashville.

---

We're trying this format as an experiment. Do be patient while we work out the kinks.

If you have any questions contact me in IRC: arafatm in #nashdl.

---

Commit message:

Clean up info for joining discussions.

README.md, after:

# NashDL Book Club

Notes/Discussions for NashDL Book Club

# Next Book

2014 01-30 && 02-13 
[The Drunkard's Walk](http://www.amazon.com/The-Drunkards-Walk-Randomness-Rules/dp/0307275175)

# Books Completed

2014 01-09 && 01-16 [DDD Quickly](http://www.infoq.com/minibooks/domain-driven-design-quickly)

# Syllabus

Complete each book in 2 sessions. If we cannot accomplish that then we can decide if it's worth completing.

# Meetup Details

Thursday every 2 weeks at Noon-1pm CST.

## IRC

Join us on **IRC** at `#nashdl` on `freenode` for live chat anytime.

## Github Issues

To try to stay on track, please post questions/topics for discussion as an open issue on https://github.com/nashdl/bookclub/issues

Go ahead and fork the repo to add notes/code/etc. Anything you think would help out the discussion.

## Google Hangout

There will be a Google Hangout in addition to the physical locations listed below. You can decide whether you would prefer to attend at a meatspace or would rather join the Hangout directly. Keep in mind that Hangouts are limited to 10, so based on attendance there might not be room for you to join the discussion. We will also broadcast the hangout so you can view even if you can't join the discussion.

## Meatspaces

- **CentreSource** (In the new building, entered from 5th Ave. Feel free to show up.)

  [1312 5th Ave N, Nashville, TN 37208](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=1312+5th+Ave+N%2C+Nashville%2C+TN&data=!4m15!2m14!1m13!1s0x886467026363a9f5%3A0x2e040439d0293b71!3m8!1m3!1d3061!2d-86.7885079!3d36.177803!3m2!1i1438!2i730!4f13.1!4m2!3d36.1775779!4d-86.789086)
  
- **Center615** (RSVP @R_Macy on twitter)

  [615 Main St, Nashville, TN 37206](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m4!1m3!1d2847!2d-86.761904!3d36.174508!4m13!3m12!1m0!1m1!1s615+Main+St%2C+Nashville%2C+TN+37206!3m8!1m3!1d3312388!2d-85.978599!3d35.830521!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1&fid=0)
  
- **Stratasan** (RSVP will@stratasan.com)

  [1009 3rd Ave N #100, Nashville, TN 37201](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m4!1m3!1d45559!2d-86.784616!3d36.174221!4m13!3m12!1m0!1m1!1s1009+3rd+Ave+N+%23100%2C+Nashville%2C+TN+37201!3m8!1m3!1d3312388!2d-85.978599!3d35.830521!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1&fid=0)

- **Lonely Planet**

  [230 Franklin Rd, Franklin, TN 37064](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m4!1m3!1d2856!2d-86.8607211!3d35.9323679!4m18!3m15!1m0!1m4!3m2!3d35.9334195!4d-86.860884!6e2!3m8!1m3!1d2856!2d-86.8591332!3d35.9321073!3m2!1i1246!2i679!4f13.1!7m1!3b1&fid=0)
  
We're looking for additional locations in other parts of town. Let me know if you have a space you'd be willing to volunteer. I'd like to try to find locations in Brentwood and West Nashville.

---

We're trying this format as an experiment. Do be patient while we work out the kinks.

If you have any questions contact me in IRC: arafatm in #nashdl.

---
