	
Kevin Barnes	12:03 PM
video is off
but I like staring at Jamison
LP is online
	
me	12:03 PM
can anyone hear me?
	
Kevin Barnes	12:03 PM
there are three of us here: Erle, Nate, and Kevin
hello
me waves
	
me	12:04 PM
i've got 2 here
hmm, can u guys hear each other?
	
Kevin Barnes	12:05 PM
we're turning off video, right?
Brandon Valentine joined group chat.
	
me	12:06 PM
probably good idea to turn off video :)
	
Kevin Barnes	12:06 PM
no parents, yolo
Brandon's beard!!!!
Brandon Valentine left group chat.
	
Kevin Barnes	12:08 PM
https://github.com/nashdl/bookclub
somebody needs to turn off their espresso machines
cmd-D mutes/unmutes btw
	
Keith Marcum	12:21 PM
This is long-winded so I'm going to type it: It's interesting to me that we're sometimes interchanging the words "domain expert" and "client". A lot of us to contracting for clients. In my experience, any time the client isn't organizationally or individually a domain expert, the project is in trouble.
	
Kevin Barnes	12:22 PM
+1
Kevin Barnes left group chat.
Kevin Barnes joined group chat.
	
Keith Marcum	12:26 PM
feedback loops +1
it's an XP thing.
	
James Fryman	12:27 PM
I always think PDCA when I think about agile methodologies, which includes the feedback loop as a key component in the interaction.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDCA
	
Keith Marcum	12:28 PM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extreme_programming_practices#Whole_team
The only place I've seen it in practice was Pivotal Labs.
I've seen Eliza disguise domain model extraction as social calls with clients. It's pretty effective, but labor intensive.
	
Kevin Barnes	12:33 PM
brilliant!
	
me	12:34 PM
+1
	
Kevin Barnes	12:36 PM
in Ruby, a Date object is a great Value Object example
Keith Marcum left group chat.
Keith Marcum joined group chat.
	
Kevin Barnes	12:40 PM
yeah, at a higher level, a Date Range would be a good one, possibly composed of Date value objects
you don't hear about that a lot, composed Value Objects
	
Keith Marcum	12:54 PM
lil' KB opened a couple issues. I'm going to add one as well.
	
Kevin Barnes	12:55 PM
\m/
